DD4L: document pass setup and use (#14477)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/index.md

$ systemctl --user stop docker-desktop
```

## Credentials management

> Docker Desktop relies on [`pass`](https://www.passwordstore.org/) to store credentials in gpg2-encrypted files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker Desktop relies on [`pass`](https://www.passwordstore.org/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} to store credentials in gpg2-encrypted files.
```

Before signing in to Docker Hub from the Docker Dashboard or the Docker menu, you must initialize `pass`.
Docker Desktop displays a warning if you've not initialized `pass`.

> One way to intialise pass is using a gpg key. To generate a gpg key run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can intialize pass by using a gpg key. To generate a gpg key, run:
```

> ``` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` console
```

$ gpg --generate-key
...
GnuPG needs to construct a user ID to identify your key.

Real name: Molly
Email address: molly@docker.com
You selected this USER-ID:
    "Molly <molly@docker.com>"

Change (N)ame, (E)mail, or (O)kay/(Q)uit? O
...
pub   rsa3072 2022-03-31 [SC] [expires: 2024-03-30]
      7865BA9185AFA2C26C5B505669FC4F36530097C2
uid                      Molly <molly@docker.com>
sub   rsa3072 2022-03-31 [E] [expires: 2024-03-30]
```

> To initialise `pass` run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initialize `pass`, run:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```

molly@ubuntu:~$ pass init 7865BA9185AFA2C26C5B505669FC4F36530097C2
mkdir: created directory '/home/molly/.password-store/'
Password store initialized for 7865BA9185AFA2C26C5B505669FC4F36530097C2
```

> After signing in on the Docker Dashboard, you can check that login credentials were stored in the password store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After signing in on the Docker Dashboard, you can check whether the login credentials are stored in the password store.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```

molly@ubuntu:~$ docker-credential-desktop list
{"https://index.docker.io/v1/":"molly","https://index.docker.io/v1//refresh-token":"v1.Mb66i2rHIBOjNVkKpKpv8zYQU-gwtNam_5RbYZmsUCQ_smw2WiliFrJlUw5rszR947C2iZ4QGAJ1g5opK1URwaY","https://index.docker.io/v1//user":"molly"}
```

> When credentials are used by the Docler Cli or Docker Desktop, an user prompt may pop up for the password you set during the gpg key generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When credentials are used by the Docker CLI or Docker Desktop, a user prompt may pop up for the password you set during the gpg key generation.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```
